# Introduction #

The game is about a half-crazy genius bent on proving that the dead human body can be reanimated after injecting a properly prepared chemical solution into its veins. The good doctor has a working theory but not enough practice. And therein lies the problem - he needs more specimens (the fresher the better) in his lab to mix and test new solutions. But where to get them? One thing that comes to mind is the local cemetery - and that is the first source of specimens available. The other one is much more gruesome...

# Gameplay #

The game consists of an overhead view of the town where the doctor lives. There are three special buildings - his laboratory, cemetery and the police station. Pressing E, SPACE key or END TURN button in the left corner will end the current turn. The goal of the game is to raise the Theory parameter up to 10 which is done by successful experiments. Each time the turn is finished, all creatures on the map move around and there is a chance that the suitable bodies will appear in the cemetery. The body is displayed with a "`_`" symbol, colored by the quality. The more quality, the more brighter is the symbol. If the body is left lying around, it quickly loses its freshness and is removed from the view. Clicking on the body will move it into the laboratory and on the next turn the doctor will mix a new solution and test it. The laboratory can hold four bodies at once.

If the experiment was successful, the new knowledge of the theory is gained and the reanimated body will probably be set loose on the streets of town. The reanimated are dumb evil monsters, they will randomly move around until they see a human. At this moment they will attack and possibly kill him providing the doctor with a fresh body. The body quality (which is also shown in the message bar as the BQ parameter) affects the result of an experiment. If the murder (or even the attack in some cases) is witnessed by another human, he will alert the authorities about it. The police comes in 2 turns and will try to put down the reanimated (if it is close enough for the police to detect it's probably the suspect). When the police comes too close to the laboratory, its Suspicion rises by one each turn. When suspicion reaches three points, the game is over - the evil deeds of the doctor have been found out.

Both the police officers and the reanimated have more than 1 life point. Each time a police officer hits the reanimated, he removes 1 life point. The reanimated is significantly weaker in a fight though and not always manages to score a successful hit on the police officer. Upon attack the officer will call for backup, so the area around will quickly fill up with the police. There are a total of 10 officers that can be on the map at any given time and there is a finite number of officers in the police station which is displayed on top of it. When the reanimated is put down (and no others are seen), the police will patrol around for some time then leave the scene. Same goes for the average citizens - they stay alerted for 3 turns after witnessing the crime and then calm down again.

You are able to exert some control over the reanimated movement by putting markers on map. This is done by clicking on any walkable tile. The marker is shown as a red "!" symbol. If any reanimated is within 2 tiles of the marker, it will try to move there. The marker will be ignored when reanimated is busy trying to kill humans. It is destroyed when reanimated steps on it. At the start of the game only one marker can be put on map. Gaining knowledge of the theory allows the doctor to control more reanimated by putting more markers. Though you still won't be able to control each reanimated separately.

Sometimes a green "?" mark appear at some place on the map. This is a quest marker. By clicking on it the player starts a quest the conditions of which are displayed in a message window. Some of the quests are just random events which play out regardless of player and either reward him or punish him for something.

At some point in the game the town goes into panic mode and the authorities order the police to be on constant patrol. However, at that point the police is also scared so they will not stray away from the area surrounding the station. There is also a separate victory condition based on that - when all officers are dead, the game ends with victory. The town will be under the terror of reanimated and doctor will be free to pursue his terrible knowledge.